everyone is Josh Smith with gotta be
mole calm thanks for coming back we have
more iPhone 5s coverage today I'm going
to show you how you set up the new
fingerprint sensor fingerprint reader on
the iPhone 5s first thing you want to do
is go into settings once you're on
settings tap on general right here and
then scroll down until you see passcode
and fingerprint you have to set up both
a passcode and a fingerprint so here we
are going to turn passcode on we'll
enter our passcode here and then another
feature that is nice is you can choose
how long you want for the passcode to be
required you can do immediately which is
pretty strict five minutes or 15 minutes
it's kind of a good window that lets you
not have to enter that every time you
want to use your phone but still be able
to you know get that security that comes
from it so after you get your passcode
set up you can go to fingerprints and so
here we're able to add a fingerprint and
to do this you just basically need to
press your finger on the home button
repeatedly so as I do this as soon as it
senses it I'm getting a little bit of
vibration and we'll do this a few times
until it has it
and it's going to ask us to change it so
we get some different ridges here for
depending on how we are actually holding
the phone so that it can more accurately
check this out so we have success we've
trained one finger will hit continue and
you can keep going you can add another
one we'll add a thumb and we just keep
tapping it and it will get a vibration
as this occurs it's getting getting some
different different angles different
ridges so that hopefully we get a better
on lock and I believe this will learn
more over time as to what your thumb or
your finger does so that you end up with
an overall better fingerprint so we have
success again we've trained two of our
fingers think yeah we can add more we
had up to five so we can do another
finger or thumb that way you can make
sure that no matter which pocket you
have it in or how you have it oriented
you can quickly unlock your phone so you
go through this process change your grip
around go through this again make sure
it gets all the different parts of your
phone and just takes a few minutes to
get those set up so we got a couple
fingerprints set there and our other
option here we have passcode on left
unlock and they'll also do iTunes and
App Store which will allow us to use
this instead of our passwords we have to
enter our password
and once that's set up we can say jump
into the iTunes Store and we'll find
something we want to buy maybe maybe
that new Infinity Blade game head over
to the app store look for Infinity Blade
and here's another nice tip you can
download all of these free apps with iOS
7 with your new iOS 7 device so let's
hop in here we have to purchase this so
typically this would ask for our
password and instead we can scan our
fingerprint tap it on there and it took
two tries but it went through here it's
just asking us to verify such as the
first purchase we're making on this
specific device head over to gaudy
mobile now account check out more about
the fingerprint sensor on the iPhone 5s
as well as additional iPhone 5s
coverages hit the like button below
share this with your friends thanks for
watching